Di Qinglu, have you lived enough?
The president's daughter
Don't live in the villa
To sell the villa
My face made you lose your home.
Dad, I just want to know more about the company
Otherwise, how can I manage the company for you?
I see
You were driven crazy by your ex-boyfriend who left without telling you.
The disease is not cured yet
I see the customer.
I'll hang up when I sell this villa
And don't tell my colleagues who I am.
Sorry for being late.
Long time no see.
Lu Zesheng
How did the poor boy become the president?
Very surprised
I've been looking for you for three years after graduation
Why didn't you say goodbye?
To live in a villa and sell a villa?
Celebrities make you still so shameless
What are you saying?
I did it on my own.
What am I capable of?
All your skills
No one wants you anymore
You're just playing around and throwing it away
slut
I still want to hug the rich and live in a mansion forever
I'm here today to accompany you on a tour of this villa
Please show some respect.
Mr. Lu, let's get started
I can buy this villa
And now I've signed it.
How about you take off your clothes and accompany me to see the house?